Holding a drawer key in your off-hand while placing drawers will cause those placed drawers to be locked
Building Botania’s Alfheim Portal means you can make fabulous mana pools, which are significantly cheaper than regular mana pools
Need ash? Craft the ashen amulet and vein mine stone, but remember to take it off afterwards
Pumpkins transformed into cakes using an Astral Sorcery Collector Crystal can then be eaten by Botania Kekimurus for easy mana
The insight, xp boost, and experience boost enchantments all stack together
The Thaumostatic Harness is an early way to get creative flight, but uses Vis as fuel
You can use an anvil to combine looted Ender IO capacitators
The Small Plate Presser can be used as an extremely fast stoneworks factory
You can pump out fluids and pipe in items from the bottom of Lightwells
Using tools with Thaumcraft’s Refining infusion can allow for ore tripling
You can right click Mekanism alloys on placed Mekanism cables to upgrade them, with 8 cables per alloy
If you’re struggling to find a Blizz in a cold biome, use Nocturnal Powder to force mobs to spawn
You only need 400 Ember in the Beam Cannon to trigger the Alchemy Pedestal
Embers Dawnstone Mail is a great way to get full knockback resistance
Astral Sorcery Aevitas Rituals work on Bonsai Trees
Make sure to check out Ender Utilities items, many of them make life much easier
Using a Scanner set to find chests can help you find structures underground!
You can craft Ender-IO filters together to copy the settings
The Mekanism Thermal Evaporation Tower is an easy way to get lots of salt for your Rockhounding setup
Don’t forget to update your questbook after each update!
The Time In A Bottle is extremely useful, craft one as soon as you can!
The Silktouch enchantment can move spawners!
The effects of multiple sprinklers in the same area stack
Dragon lairs are a great source of Californium!
Endoflames only last one hour before decaying!
Attaching a Scarab Gem to a tool is a great way to boost early game power!
Basic Tanks from Fluid Drawers are a great way to organize liquid!
Shaped Radiant Quartz can be made with the Pure Daisy
Broken Ancient Pieces from Fossils can be used on in a Tool Station
The Diesel Generator is Loud and Obnoxious
Hate rain? Check out the Teru Teru Bozu from Botania, or the Rain Shield from Random Things!
You can use Thermal Dynamics Redstone Servos with Structural Ducts to transmit redstone signals
Blood Magic Teleposers allow for easy long-range transportation of Botania Mana Pools and Astral Temple Crystals. Even works with sparks!
RFTools' RF Network monitor will highlight all nearby RF holding blocks and tell you their current storage/maximum capacity
The Random Things Chunk Analyser can scan your current chunk, making it useful for finding ores
You can grow Twilight Saplings in bonsai pots to get Roots, which can be converted via pure daisies into Livingroots to create Ironwood
/integrateddyanmics networkdiagnostics is great to find out what exactly you did with ID that's destroying TPS
The Lens of the Miner is a neat way to obtain automated ores in the early game
Don't break your Quantum Tanks with a pickaxe, or you'll lose all the contents!
The Cooking with Blockheads Sink with AA Fluid Lasers makes a singularity per tick with the AE2 matter condenser, for free!
You can use the dolly on the High Oven Controller so it doesn't lose temperature or consume fuel
The Knowledge of the Ages enchant is extremely powerful for obtaining experience
You can use the Time in a Bottle in an Automated User
The Vis Motor can generate easy embers rotational power, at the cost of Vis
Twilight Forest Hollow Hills contain a bunch of nice loot, including Aetherium Ore!
Your Modular Machine is stuck? Give it a redstone signal, and it will stop crafting
Infuse a Brew of Vanity's Emptiness in a Tainted Blood Pendant to prevent mobs from spawning around you!
Need more Vis to craft an advanced Thaumcraft item? Try placing the Arcane Workbench in the Twilight Forest!